Update the browser agent update page (#11320)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/installation/update-browser-agent.mdx

      3. The numbers that follow `nr-` are your current version. For example, `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-593.min.js` indicates you are running version `593` of the browser script.
* Inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the console view.
   3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
   4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
   5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.version`.

## Check your installation type
There are different [agent types](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent#agent-types). The Pro+SPA agent loader files use the format `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-loader-<type>-<version>.min.js`. 
To verify the version of the browser script loader on your page, inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the console view.
   3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
   4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
   5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.loaderType`.

> ## Check if version is outdated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check if version is outdated

To verify if your browser version if outdated:
```

> ## To check if your version is out of date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check if version is outdated
```

   3. Filter the results to only those that include `nr-data.net`.
   4. The version will be included in the query parameters of each call to the `nr-data.net` endpoint, in the format of `?v=<version>`.
* Inspect the source code of the agent snippet:
    * For`v1217` or higher:
      1. View the source code of a page which includes the JavaScript snippet.
      2. Search the page source for `PROD` -- The version will be prepended, in the format of `<version>.PROD`.
    * For `v1216` or lower:
      1. View the source code of a page which includes the JavaScript snippet.
      2. Search the page source for `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-`.
      3. The numbers that follow `nr-` are your current version. For example, `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-593.min.js` indicates you are running version `593` of the browser script.
* Inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the console view.
   3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
   4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
   5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.version`.

## Check your installation type

> There are different [agent types](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent#agent-types). The Pro+SPA agent loader files use the format `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-loader-<type>-<version>.min.js`
> 
> To verify the version of the browser script loader on your page, inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different [agent types](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent#agent-types). The Pro+SPA agent loader files use the format `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-loader-<type>-<version>.min.js`. 
To verify the version of the browser script loader on your page, inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
```

## Check your version number [#checking]

> Verifying your browser version number can be done by one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify your browser version number, try one of the following:
```

> 1. Inspect the agent harvest payloads (`Any Browser Agent Version`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inspect the agent harvest payloads (`Any Browser Agent Version`).
```

   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the view in the developer tools that shows network traffic.
   3. Filter the results to only those that include `nr-data.net`.
   4. The version will be included in the query parameters of each call to the `nr-data.net` endpoint, in the format of `?v=<version>`.

> 2. Inspect the source code of the agent snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inspect the source code of the agent snippet:
```

>     * `v1217` and Newer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For`v1217` and later:
```

      1. View the source code of a page which includes the JavaScript snippet.
      2. Search the page source for `PROD` -- The version will be prepended, in the format of `<version>.PROD`.

>     * `v1216` and Older:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For `v1216` or older:
```

>       3. View the source code of a page which includes the JavaScript snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. View the source code of a page which includes the JavaScript snippet.
```

>       4. Search the page source for `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      2. Search the page source for `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-`.
```

>       5. The numbers that follow `nr-` are your current version. For example, `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-593.min.js` indicates you are running version `593` of the browser script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      3. The numbers that follow `nr-` are your current version. For example, `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-593.min.js` indicates you are running version `593` of the browser script.
```

> 3. Inspect the newrelic global object (v1224+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
```

   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the console view.
   3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
   4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
   5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.version`.

> ## Check your installation type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check your installation type

```

There are different [agent types](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent#agent-types). The Pro+SPA agent loader files use the format `js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-loader-<type>-<version>.min.js`

> To verify the version of the browser script loader on your page:
> 1. Inspect the newrelic global object (v1224+).
>    1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
>    2. Open the console view.
>    3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
>    4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
>    5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.loaderType`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the version of the browser script loader on your page, inspect the newrelic global object (v1224 or higher):
   1. Open the developer tools of your browser.
   2. Open the console view.
   3. In the console, enter `newrelic.initializedAgents`.
   4. In the resulting object, expand the relevant agent object.
   5. Inside the relevant agent object, find `runtime.loaderType`.

```

> ## Check if version is outdated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check if your version is outdated
```

To verify if your browser version if outdated:

>    1. See the [browser agent end of life](https://js-agent.newrelic.com/nr-loader-full-current.min.js) table.

Author: Just noticed, this link is incorrect.

```suggestion
   1. See the [browser agent end of life](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/getting-started/browser-agent-eol-policy/) table.
```
